Status
======

The project is still in active development, and is not yet ready for production.

About Supportland
=================

The following is taken directly from the Supportland About page at <http://supportland.com/pub/about/>

* With many clicks of the mouse, we created a service that not only helps our lovely businesses, but also gives a boost to consumers. No more carrying around a wad of punch cards. No need to track who has what deal. No need to guess when your card will be filled so you can get the discount. Instead, it's one card, one swipe, and good for all.

About this app
==============

The idea for Supportland Contests came from <http://www.civicapps.org/ideas/boy-and-girls-ladies-and-gentleman>

Here's the description printed again here for convenience:

* Folks make guesses on small events in Portland related to cultural, athletic, natural, historic happenings. We will give 'em Supportland points for answering correctly and one winner a week gets the Mayor’s voice on their voicemail (or something AMAZING like that).

* Examples include: - how many minutes late the Cascade Amtrak will be leaving the station on Wednesday afternoon - how many inches of rain we’ll get during one particular week - whether someone will finish the hood-to-coast race in under X amount of minutes - whether a certain Police horse will need re-shoeing - whether someone will sing Bon Jovi at the Alibi’s karaoke. - how many lotus' will bloom at the Chinese Gardens this week - how many jelly beans are in the jar at the Tulip Bakery window display

* Making a guess will cost a few Supportland points and winners will automatically get Supportland points deposited in their account.

* The advantage of having folks wager on future events versus trivia on past events, is that it gives them a reason to explore something new about the city before it happens rather then after. Also, folks will likely post some of the more interesting ones on social media if there's an easy share option.
